Split contract.md into multiple sections, add part on external contracts (#3386)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/contracts/handling-errors.md

## Handling Errors

Sometimes we want to test contracts functions that can panic, like testing that function that verifies caller address
panics on invalid address. For that purpose Starknet also provides a `SafeDispatcher`, that returns a `Result` instead of
panicking.

First, let's add a new, panicking function to our contract.

```rust
{{#include ../../../listings/testing_smart_contracts_handling_errors/src/lib.cairo}}
```

If we called this function in a test, it would result in a failure.

```rust
{{#include ../../../listings/testing_smart_contracts_handling_errors/tests/panic.cairo:first_half}}
{{#include ../../../listings/testing_smart_contracts_handling_errors/tests/panic.cairo:second_half}}

> ```

Reviewer: What do you think about turning this example into `#[should_panic]` case? Should be more informative

```shell
$ snforge test
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
Collected 2 test(s) from testing_smart_contracts_handling_errors package
Running 2 test(s) from tests/
[FAIL] testing_smart_contracts_handling_errors_integrationtest::panic::failing

Failure data:
    (0x50414e4943 ('PANIC'), 0x444159544148 ('DAYTAH'))

> [PASS] testing_smart_contracts_handling_errors_integrationtest::handle_panic::handling_string_errors (l1_gas: ~0, l1_data_gas: ~96, l2_gas: ~280000)

Reviewer 2: We show in the code snippet only the `failing` function test, so ideally the output shouldn't contain other tests

```rust
{{#include ../../../listings/testing_smart_contracts_safe_dispatcher/tests/safe_dispatcher.cairo}}
```

Now the test passes as expected.

```shell
$ snforge test
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
Collected 1 test(s) from testing_smart_contracts_safe_dispatcher package
Running 0 test(s) from src/
Running 1 test(s) from tests/
[PASS] testing_smart_contracts_safe_dispatcher_integrationtest::safe_dispatcher::handling_errors (l1_gas: ~0, l1_data_gas: ~96, l2_gas: ~280000)
Tests: 1 passed, 0 failed, 0 skipped, 0 ignored, 0 filtered out
```
</details>
<br>

> 📝 **Note**
>
> It is not possible to catch errors that cause immediate termination of execution, e.g. calling a contract with a nonexistent address.
> A full list of such errors can be found [here](https://community.starknet.io/t/starknet-v0-13-4-pre-release-notes/115257#p-2358763-catching-errors-12).

Similarly, you can handle the panics which use `ByteArray` as an argument (like an `assert!` or `panic!` macro)

```rust
{{#include ../../../listings/testing_smart_contracts_handling_errors/tests/handle_panic.cairo}}
```

> You also could skip the de-serialization of the `panic_data`, and not use `try_deserialize_bytearray_error`, but this way you can actually use assertions on the `ByteArray` that was used to panic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You could also skip deserializing the `panic_data` and avoid using `try_deserialize_bytearray_error`, but in that case `panic_data` remains in its raw format as an array of felts.
```
